# 242-2016
Project for the "Para-normal Distributions" group of CMPS242 Fall 2016.
The group member are:
   - Eriq Augustine
   - Varun Embar
   - Dhawal Joharapurkar
   - Xioa Li

The aim of this project is to experiment on finding similar businesses in the Yelp Challenge Dataset using clustering.

## Code
We are using python 3.
The `code` directory contains the actual code for our clustering and evaluation.

Running the `run.py` file will run a short clustering run using a small (100 points) subset of our data.

Running `experiments.py` file will run our actual experiments.
It runs on the entire test set and tries many parameter combinations, so it is suggested to not run that.

To run the tests, you can use the `test.sh` script.
It is a very small script, but the command to run all tests in a directory is easy to forget.

The tests, `run.py`, and `experiments.py` do not hit the database by default.
Instead, they load the data from a pickle generated by running `data.py`.
If you want to use the database, then you will need a file called `secrets.py` that defines constants used to connect the file.
The following constants must be defined:
   - DB_HOST
   - DB_PORT
   - DB_NAME
   - DB_USER
   - DB_PASS

### Dependencies
Our project uses the `numpy` library, which will need to be installed prior to running.

In additional if you are going to connect to the database, then you will need to also install the `psycopg2` Postgres driver.2

## Data
The `data` directory mainly contains scripts for:
 - Generating SQL files from the Yelp JSON dataset.
 - Creating tables to hold the data.
 - Inserting the data.
 - Optimizing the data for our specific queries.

The `build.sh` script takes the data from the JSON files to optimized database tables.
